readme.md, before:

# Awesome Freedom 🚀

**One repository to rule them all!**

This repository curates an awesome collection of panels, scripts, bots, and tutorials—all in one place! 🌐 Have a repo or tool you'd like to share? Feel free to contribute!

## 🌟 XrayCore Web Panels

- [3X-UI](https://github.com/MHSanaei) by [@MHSanaei](https://github.com/MHSanaei)
- [Hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-config) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [Libertea](https://github.com/VZiChoushaDui/Libertea) by [@VZiChoushaDui](https://github.com/VZiChoushaDui)
- [Marzban](https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban) by [@Gozargah](https://github.com/Gozargah)
- [Marzneshin](https://github.com/marzneshin/marzneshin) by [@marzneshin](https://github.com/marzneshin)
- [X-UI](https://github.com/alireza0/x-ui) by [@alireza0](https://github.com/alireza0)
- [Xray-UI](https://github.com/qist/xray-ui) by [@qist](https://github.com/qist)

## 📱 Clients

### Android
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [SaeedDev94/Xray](https://github.com/SaeedDev94/Xray) by [@SaeedDev94](https://github.com/SaeedDev94)
- [v2rayNG](https://github.com/2dust/v2rayNG) by [@2dust](https://github.com/2dust)
- [X-flutter](https://github.com/XTLS/X-flutter) by [@XTLS](https://github.com/XTLS)

### iOS & macOS (arm64)
- [FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396) by [@FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396)
- [Streisand](https://apps.apple.com/app/streisand/id6450534064) by [@Streisand](https://apps.apple.com/app/streisand/id6450534064)

### Linux
- [Furious](https://github.com/LorenEteval/Furious) by [@LorenEteval](https://github.com/LorenEteval)
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [v2rayA](https://github.com/v2rayA/v2rayA) by [@v2rayA](https://github.com/v2rayA)

### macOS (arm64 & x64)
- [FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396) by [@FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396)
- [Furious](https://github.com/LorenEteval/Furious) by [@LorenEteval](https://github.com/LorenEteval)
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [V2RayXS](https://github.com/tzmax/V2RayXS) by [@tzmax](https://github.com/tzmax)
- [V2rayU](https://github.com/yanue/V2rayU) by [@yanue](https://github.com/yanue)

### OpenWrt
- [luci-app-xray](https://github.com/yichya/luci-app-xray) by [@yichya](https://github.com/yichya) / [openwrt-xray](https://github.com/yichya/openwrt-xray) by [@yichya](https://github.com/yichya)
- [PassWall](https://github.com/xiaorouji/openwrt-passwall) by [@xiaorouji](https://github.com/xiaorouji) / [PassWall 2](https://github.com/xiaorouji/openwrt-passwall2) by [@xiaorouji](https://github.com/xiaorouji)
- [ShadowSocksR Plus+](https://github.com/fw876/helloworld) by [@fw876](https://github.com/fw876)

### Windows
- [Furious](https://github.com/LorenEteval/Furious) by [@LorenEteval](https://github.com/LorenEteval)
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [Invisible Man - Xray](https://github.com/InvisibleManVPN/InvisibleMan-XRayClient) by [@InvisibleManVPN](https://github.com/InvisibleManVPN)
- [v2rayN](https://github.com/2dust/v2rayN) by [@2dust](https://github.com/2dust)

## 🔥 Awesome [Marzban](https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban)

### Documents
- [Marzban Nameh](https://marzbannameh.github.io) by [@MarzbanNameh](https://github.com/MarzbanNameh)
- [Official](https://gozargah.github.io/) by [@Gozargah](https://github.com/Gozargah)
- [sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban-docs) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)

### Install
- Marzban Install Command
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban.sh)" @ install
```
- Install Custom Marzban Version
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban.sh)" @ install v0.5.2
```
- Install Marzban Node
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban-node.sh)" @ install
```
- Install Marzban Script
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban.sh)" @ install-script
```

### Bots
- [bot telegram marzban](https://github.com/aradesign/bottelegrammarzban) by [@aradesign](https://github.com/aradesign)
- [Holderbot](https://github.com/erfjab/holderbot) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [kia bot](https://github.com/Real-kia/kia-marzban-admin) by [@Real-kia](https://github.com/Real-kia)
- [Marzban-Bot](https://github.com/Imk4sra/Marzban-Bot) by [@Imk4sra](https://github.com/Imk4sra)
- [MarzbanBot](https://github.com/VQIVS/MarzbanBot) by [@VQIVS](https://github.com/VQIVS)
- [Marzbot](https://github.com/govfvck/Marzbot-free) by [@govfvck](https://github.com/govfvck)
- [MarzbanShop](https://github.com/gunsh1p/marzban-shop) by [@gunsh1p](https://github.com/gunsh1p)
- [Mirza](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2/botmirzapanel) by [@mahdiMGF2](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2)
- [VPNbot](https://github.com/bl4ckm45k/vpnbot) by [@bl4ckm45k](https://github.com/bl4ckm45k)
- [Zanbor](https://github.com/ZanborPanel/ZanborPanel) by [@ZanborPanel](https://github.com/ZanborPanel)

### Tools/Scripts
- [Abuse-Defender](https://github.com/Kiya6955/Abuse-Defender) by [@Kiya6955](https://github.com/Kiya6955)
- [AC-Lover backup](https://github.com/AC-Lover/backup) by [@AC-Lover](https://github.com/AC-Lover)
- [AdminUsersDeleter](https://github.com/erfjab/AdminUsersDeleter) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [Backuper](https://github.com/erfjab/Backuper) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [Dis-backup](https://github.com/mikeesierrah/backup) by [@mikeesierrah](https://github.com/mikeesierrah)
- [ez-docker](https://github.com/dev-ir/ez-docker) by [@dev-ir](https://github.com/dev-ir)
- [ez-warp](https://github.com/mikeesierrah/ez-warp) by [@mikeesierrah](https://github.com/mikeesierrah)
- [EzNode](https://github.com/ItsAML/MarzbanEZNode) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Hiddify To Marzban](https://github.com/ItsAML/Hiddify-To-Marzban) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Inbound Generate](https://github.com/azavaxhuman/MarzbanInboundGenerator) by [@azavaxhuman](https://github.com/azavaxhuman)
- [IR-ISP-Blocker](https://github.com/Kiya6955/IR-ISP-Blocker) by [@Kiya6955](https://github.com/Kiya6955)
- [luIP-marzban IP limit](https://github.com/mmdzov/luIP-marzban) by [@mmdzov](https://github.com/mmdzov)
- [Marzban Backup](https://github.com/ImMohammad20000/marzban-backup) by [@ImMohammad20000](https://github.com/ImMohammad20000)
- [Marzban Bulk Account Maker](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_Bulk_Account_Maker) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban Custom Home](https://github.com/LibernetDigital/marzban-custom-home) by [@LibernetDigital](https://github.com/LibernetDigital)
- [Marzban Expired User Remover](https://github.com/ItsAML/MarzbanExpiredUserRemover) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Marzban Exporter](https://github.com/kutovoys/marzban-exporter) by [@kutovoys](https://github.com/kutovoys)
- [Marzban Flow Select](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_Flow_Select) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban Inbound Updater](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_Inbound_Updater) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban MySQL Streamlit](https://github.com/lifeindarkside/marzban_mysql_streamlit) by [@lifeindarkside](https://github.com/lifeindarkside)
- [Marzban Node Monitor](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban-node-monitor) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)
- [Marzban SQLite Streamlit](https://github.com/lifeindarkside/marzban_sqlite_streamlit) by [@lifeindarkside](https://github.com/lifeindarkside)
- [Marzban to MySQL](https://github.com/mobinalipour/marzban-to-mysql) by [@mobinalipour](https://github.com/mobinalipour)
- [Marzban Torrent Blocker](https://github.com/kutovoys/marzban-torrent-blocker) by [@kutovoys](https://github.com/kutovoys)
- [Marzban User Manager](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_User_Manager) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban User Template Management](https://github.com/ItsAML/MarzbanUserTemplateManagment) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Marzban-bot](https://github.com/codedpro/Marzban-bot) by [@codedpro](https://github.com/codedpro)
- [Monitoring_Bot](https://github.com/XuVix/Monitoring_Bot) by [@XuVix](https://github.com/XuVix)
- [PhpLiteAdmin-On-Marzban](https://github.com/azavaxhuman/PhpLiteAdmin-On-Marzban) by [@azavaxhuman](https://github.com/azavaxhuman)
- [Remove User Marzban](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2/remove_user_marzban) by [@mahdiMGF2](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2)
- [Script Reboot Marzban Automatically](https://github.com/nsa14/script-reboot-marzban-automatically) by [@nsa14](https://github.com/nsa14)
- [SQLar](https://github.com/erfjab/sqlar) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [SQLiteWeb_Marzban](https://github.com/azavaxhuman/SQLiteWeb_Marzban) by [@azavaxhuman](https://github.com/azavaxhuman)
- [Steupnode](https://github.com/xmohammad1/steupnode) by [@xmohammad1](https://github.com/xmohammad1)
- [Ted Backup](https://github.com/iamtheted/Marzban-Backup) by [@iamtheted](https://github.com/iamtheted)
- [Transfer-me](https://github.com/iamtheted/transfer-me) by [@iamtheted](https://github.com/iamtheted)
- [User-info-marzban-to-discordbot](https://github.com/PH-man/User-info-marzban-to-discordbot) by [@PH-man](https://github.com/PH-man)
- [V2IpLimit](https://github.com/houshmand-2005/V2IpLimit) by [@houshmand-2005](https://github.com/houshmand-2005)
- [WebTemplates](https://github.com/erfjab/WebTemplates) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [X-Ui to Marzban](https://github.com/ItsAML/X-Ui-to-Marzban) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Marzban Sing-box config template](https://github.com/WhyMan1/marzban-template) by [WhyMan1](https://github.com/WhyMan1)
- [Marzban-node xray core changer](https://github.com/Mkharrati/Nodex) by [@Mkharrati](https://github.com/Mkharrati)
- [marzban-node-monitor](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban-node-monitor) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)
- [Patrick Status White IP Scanner](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)


### Sub Templates
- [ACLover](https://github.com/AC-Lover/AC-Subcription) by [@AC-Lover](https://github.com/AC-Lover)
- [MuhammadAshouri](https://github.com/MuhammadAshouri/marzban-templates) by [@MuhammadAshouri](https://github.com/MuhammadAshouri)
- [sina](https://github.com/x0sina/marzban-sub) by [@x0sina](https://github.com/x0sina)

### API
- [Marzban API Client](https://github.com/oXIIIo/marzban-api-client) by [@oXIIIo](https://github.com/oXIIIo)
- [Marzban API](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban_api) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)
- [Marzbanpy](https://github.com/gunsh1p/marzbanpy) by [@gunsh1p](https://github.com/gunsh1p)
- [Marzpy](https://github.com/mewhrzad/marzpy) by [@mewhrzad](https://github.com/mewhrzad)

## 🔥 Awesome [Marzneshin](https://github.com/marzneshin/marzneshin)
### Sub Templates
-  [Matin](https://github.com/MatinDehghanian/Marzneshintemplates) by [@MatinDehghanian](https://github.com/MatinDehghanian)

## 🔥 Awesome X-UI

### Bots
- [Patrick Status Bot Builder](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)

### Sub Templates
- [Patrick Status Site Builder](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)

### API
- [Patrick Status API](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)

## 🔥 Awesome Hiddify
Coming soon...


## Support project 

**We don't need financial support, only Star (⭐) is enough, thank you.**

[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/erfjab/awesome-freedom.svg?variant=adaptive)](https://starchart.cc/erfjab/awesome-freedom)

Commit message:

Add Linux and Windows GUI clients (#1)
Add nekoray as a GUI client for Windows and Linux

readme.md, after:

# Awesome Freedom 🚀

**One repository to rule them all!**

This repository curates an awesome collection of panels, scripts, bots, and tutorials—all in one place! 🌐 Have a repo or tool you'd like to share? Feel free to contribute!

## 🌟 XrayCore Web Panels

- [3X-UI](https://github.com/MHSanaei) by [@MHSanaei](https://github.com/MHSanaei)
- [Hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-config) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [Libertea](https://github.com/VZiChoushaDui/Libertea) by [@VZiChoushaDui](https://github.com/VZiChoushaDui)
- [Marzban](https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban) by [@Gozargah](https://github.com/Gozargah)
- [Marzneshin](https://github.com/marzneshin/marzneshin) by [@marzneshin](https://github.com/marzneshin)
- [X-UI](https://github.com/alireza0/x-ui) by [@alireza0](https://github.com/alireza0)
- [Xray-UI](https://github.com/qist/xray-ui) by [@qist](https://github.com/qist)

## 📱 Clients

### Android
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [SaeedDev94/Xray](https://github.com/SaeedDev94/Xray) by [@SaeedDev94](https://github.com/SaeedDev94)
- [v2rayNG](https://github.com/2dust/v2rayNG) by [@2dust](https://github.com/2dust)
- [X-flutter](https://github.com/XTLS/X-flutter) by [@XTLS](https://github.com/XTLS)

### iOS & macOS (arm64)
- [FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396) by [@FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396)
- [Streisand](https://apps.apple.com/app/streisand/id6450534064) by [@Streisand](https://apps.apple.com/app/streisand/id6450534064)

### Linux
- [Furious](https://github.com/LorenEteval/Furious) by [@LorenEteval](https://github.com/LorenEteval)
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [v2rayA](https://github.com/v2rayA/v2rayA) by [@v2rayA](https://github.com/v2rayA)
- [nekoray](https://github.com/MatsuriDayo/nekoray) by [MatsuriDayo](https://github.com/MatsuriDayo)

### macOS (arm64 & x64)
- [FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396) by [@FoXray](https://apps.apple.com/app/foxray/id6448898396)
- [Furious](https://github.com/LorenEteval/Furious) by [@LorenEteval](https://github.com/LorenEteval)
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [V2RayXS](https://github.com/tzmax/V2RayXS) by [@tzmax](https://github.com/tzmax)
- [V2rayU](https://github.com/yanue/V2rayU) by [@yanue](https://github.com/yanue)

### OpenWrt
- [luci-app-xray](https://github.com/yichya/luci-app-xray) by [@yichya](https://github.com/yichya) / [openwrt-xray](https://github.com/yichya/openwrt-xray) by [@yichya](https://github.com/yichya)
- [PassWall](https://github.com/xiaorouji/openwrt-passwall) by [@xiaorouji](https://github.com/xiaorouji) / [PassWall 2](https://github.com/xiaorouji/openwrt-passwall2) by [@xiaorouji](https://github.com/xiaorouji)
- [ShadowSocksR Plus+](https://github.com/fw876/helloworld) by [@fw876](https://github.com/fw876)

### Windows
- [Furious](https://github.com/LorenEteval/Furious) by [@LorenEteval](https://github.com/LorenEteval)
- [hiddify-next](https://github.com/hiddify/hiddify-next) by [@hiddify](https://github.com/hiddify)
- [Invisible Man - Xray](https://github.com/InvisibleManVPN/InvisibleMan-XRayClient) by [@InvisibleManVPN](https://github.com/InvisibleManVPN)
- [v2rayN](https://github.com/2dust/v2rayN) by [@2dust](https://github.com/2dust)
- [nekoray](https://github.com/MatsuriDayo/nekoray) by [MatsuriDayo](https://github.com/MatsuriDayo)

## 🔥 Awesome [Marzban](https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban)

### Documents
- [Marzban Nameh](https://marzbannameh.github.io) by [@MarzbanNameh](https://github.com/MarzbanNameh)
- [Official](https://gozargah.github.io/) by [@Gozargah](https://github.com/Gozargah)
- [sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban-docs) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)

### Install
- Marzban Install Command
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban.sh)" @ install
```
- Install Custom Marzban Version
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban.sh)" @ install v0.5.2
```
- Install Marzban Node
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban-node.sh)" @ install
```
- Install Marzban Script
```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://github.com/Gozargah/Marzban-scripts/raw/master/marzban.sh)" @ install-script
```

### Bots
- [bot telegram marzban](https://github.com/aradesign/bottelegrammarzban) by [@aradesign](https://github.com/aradesign)
- [Holderbot](https://github.com/erfjab/holderbot) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [kia bot](https://github.com/Real-kia/kia-marzban-admin) by [@Real-kia](https://github.com/Real-kia)
- [Marzban-Bot](https://github.com/Imk4sra/Marzban-Bot) by [@Imk4sra](https://github.com/Imk4sra)
- [MarzbanBot](https://github.com/VQIVS/MarzbanBot) by [@VQIVS](https://github.com/VQIVS)
- [Marzbot](https://github.com/govfvck/Marzbot-free) by [@govfvck](https://github.com/govfvck)
- [MarzbanShop](https://github.com/gunsh1p/marzban-shop) by [@gunsh1p](https://github.com/gunsh1p)
- [Mirza](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2/botmirzapanel) by [@mahdiMGF2](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2)
- [VPNbot](https://github.com/bl4ckm45k/vpnbot) by [@bl4ckm45k](https://github.com/bl4ckm45k)
- [Zanbor](https://github.com/ZanborPanel/ZanborPanel) by [@ZanborPanel](https://github.com/ZanborPanel)

### Tools/Scripts
- [Abuse-Defender](https://github.com/Kiya6955/Abuse-Defender) by [@Kiya6955](https://github.com/Kiya6955)
- [AC-Lover backup](https://github.com/AC-Lover/backup) by [@AC-Lover](https://github.com/AC-Lover)
- [AdminUsersDeleter](https://github.com/erfjab/AdminUsersDeleter) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [Backuper](https://github.com/erfjab/Backuper) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [Dis-backup](https://github.com/mikeesierrah/backup) by [@mikeesierrah](https://github.com/mikeesierrah)
- [ez-docker](https://github.com/dev-ir/ez-docker) by [@dev-ir](https://github.com/dev-ir)
- [ez-warp](https://github.com/mikeesierrah/ez-warp) by [@mikeesierrah](https://github.com/mikeesierrah)
- [EzNode](https://github.com/ItsAML/MarzbanEZNode) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Hiddify To Marzban](https://github.com/ItsAML/Hiddify-To-Marzban) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Inbound Generate](https://github.com/azavaxhuman/MarzbanInboundGenerator) by [@azavaxhuman](https://github.com/azavaxhuman)
- [IR-ISP-Blocker](https://github.com/Kiya6955/IR-ISP-Blocker) by [@Kiya6955](https://github.com/Kiya6955)
- [luIP-marzban IP limit](https://github.com/mmdzov/luIP-marzban) by [@mmdzov](https://github.com/mmdzov)
- [Marzban Backup](https://github.com/ImMohammad20000/marzban-backup) by [@ImMohammad20000](https://github.com/ImMohammad20000)
- [Marzban Bulk Account Maker](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_Bulk_Account_Maker) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban Custom Home](https://github.com/LibernetDigital/marzban-custom-home) by [@LibernetDigital](https://github.com/LibernetDigital)
- [Marzban Expired User Remover](https://github.com/ItsAML/MarzbanExpiredUserRemover) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Marzban Exporter](https://github.com/kutovoys/marzban-exporter) by [@kutovoys](https://github.com/kutovoys)
- [Marzban Flow Select](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_Flow_Select) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban Inbound Updater](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_Inbound_Updater) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban MySQL Streamlit](https://github.com/lifeindarkside/marzban_mysql_streamlit) by [@lifeindarkside](https://github.com/lifeindarkside)
- [Marzban Node Monitor](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban-node-monitor) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)
- [Marzban SQLite Streamlit](https://github.com/lifeindarkside/marzban_sqlite_streamlit) by [@lifeindarkside](https://github.com/lifeindarkside)
- [Marzban to MySQL](https://github.com/mobinalipour/marzban-to-mysql) by [@mobinalipour](https://github.com/mobinalipour)
- [Marzban Torrent Blocker](https://github.com/kutovoys/marzban-torrent-blocker) by [@kutovoys](https://github.com/kutovoys)
- [Marzban User Manager](https://github.com/M03ED/Marzban_User_Manager) by [@M03ED](https://github.com/M03ED)
- [Marzban User Template Management](https://github.com/ItsAML/MarzbanUserTemplateManagment) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Marzban-bot](https://github.com/codedpro/Marzban-bot) by [@codedpro](https://github.com/codedpro)
- [Monitoring_Bot](https://github.com/XuVix/Monitoring_Bot) by [@XuVix](https://github.com/XuVix)
- [PhpLiteAdmin-On-Marzban](https://github.com/azavaxhuman/PhpLiteAdmin-On-Marzban) by [@azavaxhuman](https://github.com/azavaxhuman)
- [Remove User Marzban](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2/remove_user_marzban) by [@mahdiMGF2](https://github.com/mahdiMGF2)
- [Script Reboot Marzban Automatically](https://github.com/nsa14/script-reboot-marzban-automatically) by [@nsa14](https://github.com/nsa14)
- [SQLar](https://github.com/erfjab/sqlar) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [SQLiteWeb_Marzban](https://github.com/azavaxhuman/SQLiteWeb_Marzban) by [@azavaxhuman](https://github.com/azavaxhuman)
- [Steupnode](https://github.com/xmohammad1/steupnode) by [@xmohammad1](https://github.com/xmohammad1)
- [Ted Backup](https://github.com/iamtheted/Marzban-Backup) by [@iamtheted](https://github.com/iamtheted)
- [Transfer-me](https://github.com/iamtheted/transfer-me) by [@iamtheted](https://github.com/iamtheted)
- [User-info-marzban-to-discordbot](https://github.com/PH-man/User-info-marzban-to-discordbot) by [@PH-man](https://github.com/PH-man)
- [V2IpLimit](https://github.com/houshmand-2005/V2IpLimit) by [@houshmand-2005](https://github.com/houshmand-2005)
- [WebTemplates](https://github.com/erfjab/WebTemplates) by [@erfjab](https://github.com/erfjab)
- [X-Ui to Marzban](https://github.com/ItsAML/X-Ui-to-Marzban) by [@ItsAML](https://github.com/ItsAML)
- [Marzban Sing-box config template](https://github.com/WhyMan1/marzban-template) by [WhyMan1](https://github.com/WhyMan1)
- [Marzban-node xray core changer](https://github.com/Mkharrati/Nodex) by [@Mkharrati](https://github.com/Mkharrati)
- [marzban-node-monitor](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban-node-monitor) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)
- [Patrick Status White IP Scanner](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)


### Sub Templates
- [ACLover](https://github.com/AC-Lover/AC-Subcription) by [@AC-Lover](https://github.com/AC-Lover)
- [MuhammadAshouri](https://github.com/MuhammadAshouri/marzban-templates) by [@MuhammadAshouri](https://github.com/MuhammadAshouri)
- [sina](https://github.com/x0sina/marzban-sub) by [@x0sina](https://github.com/x0sina)

### API
- [Marzban API Client](https://github.com/oXIIIo/marzban-api-client) by [@oXIIIo](https://github.com/oXIIIo)
- [Marzban API](https://github.com/sm1ky/marzban_api) by [@sm1ky](https://github.com/sm1ky)
- [Marzbanpy](https://github.com/gunsh1p/marzbanpy) by [@gunsh1p](https://github.com/gunsh1p)
- [Marzpy](https://github.com/mewhrzad/marzpy) by [@mewhrzad](https://github.com/mewhrzad)

## 🔥 Awesome [Marzneshin](https://github.com/marzneshin/marzneshin)
### Sub Templates
-  [Matin](https://github.com/MatinDehghanian/Marzneshintemplates) by [@MatinDehghanian](https://github.com/MatinDehghanian)

## 🔥 Awesome X-UI

### Bots
- [Patrick Status Bot Builder](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)

### Sub Templates
- [Patrick Status Site Builder](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)

### API
- [Patrick Status API](https://t.me/Patrick_Status_bot) by [@ILYAGVC](https://github.com/ILYAGVC)

## 🔥 Awesome Hiddify
Coming soon...


## Support project 

**We don't need financial support, only Star (⭐) is enough, thank you.**

[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/erfjab/awesome-freedom.svg?variant=adaptive)](https://starchart.cc/erfjab/awesome-freedom)
